{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21780\viewh10120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 DESIGN READ ME   February 4, 20017 by Annamatic (email alee@annamatic.com with questions)
\fs24 \
\ulnone \
The site should meet the following criteria :\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab1293
\cf0 -Be responsive\
-Prioritize Call to Actions\
-Be search Engine Optimized\
-Be easily Sharable\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\

\fs42 \ul List of pages and templates\'a0
\fs24 \ulnone \
\

\b T1. Home Page
\b0 \
\

\b T2. Audience Target Landing Page
\b0 \

\b Objective: Make it easy for people coming to the site to see how they can be involved depending on who they are. All of these 3 landing pages have a main call to action to capture information that NLP can use for immediate and direct outreach, as well as \'a0an area to Feature 3 compelling bits of info about WHY. These Landing Page feature-types may include 1) an embedded YouTube window that opens up in a modal with share features 2) a snippet and link to a recent blog article or other static page...\'a0
\b0 \
	T2. A.\'a0Students\
		Top of page: Form for Students to fill in school info, name of teacher, etc. Confirmation window can include share features (Share to Twitter, Facebook, etc)\
		Bottom of page: 3 Features (can be embedded YouTube videos, links to School Spotlights articles, etc)\
	T2. B. Educators\
	T2. C. Journalists\
\

\b T3. Static Pages
\b0 \

\b Objective: Reorganize the existing NLP pages into 4 simple static pages: About Us, What We Do, Our Partners, Contact Us . These have an area for hero image + Intro text at top, and drives user to sections deeper down the page. Rather than make separate pages for each bit of content, it would be helpful to edit down some of it to be less wordy, put it all on the same page, but secondary nav can send users directly to that paragraph.
\b0 \
	\ul P1. About Us -\'a0\ulnone \
	Intro> Why News Literacy? (Combine info from Mission & Need into something consider)\
	Our\'a0History\
	Who We Are:\'a0\
		Staff,\'a0\
		Board,\'a0\
		Advisory Committees,\'a0\
		News Organizations,\'a0\
		Journalist Fellows\
\
	\ul P2. What We Do - Main Page\ulnone 	\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Intro> Our services approach the issue of news literacy from 3 angles: engaging and proven curriculum material for in-classroom learning, our virtual learning platform, Checkology, and professional development for educators and journalists who want to join the movement.\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Classroom Program\
	Checkology\
	Student Workshops\
	Professional Development\
	Consulting\
\
\
	\ul P3. Our Partners - Main Page\ulnone \
	Intro> We are tremendously grateful for all those who have gotten involved \
	Our Partners\
		Journalist Fellows\
		Partner News Organizations\
		Supporters (2017)\
			Supporters (Previous Years)\
\
	\ul P4. Contact Us\ulnone \
	Contact form\
\
\

\b T4. Blog Templates\
Objective: The existing NLP blogs will be organized into a single Blog with 3 Categories (Teachable Moments, NLP News and Student Spotlights). Existing blog posts should be scraped for relevant tags so that users can find them easily. Future blog posts should carry subject tags.\

\b0 	T4 A. Main Page (Main Featured Article, 2\'ba and 3\'ba Featured Articles )\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	T4 B. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Category Page (Used for front page of Teachable Moments, NLP News, Student Spotlights, Search Results)\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	T4 C. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Individual Post Page\
\
\
\
	\
\
	}